Authors Name	Book Name
Shri N Chandrasekaran : Bridgital Nation
Neha J Hiranandani : Girl Power-Indian Women Who Broke The Rules
Roopa Pai : From Leeches to Slug Glue-25 Explosive Ideas that Made (and Are Making) Modern Medicine
Rahul Agarwal and Bharathi S Pradhan	Turbulence and Triumph: The Modi Years
Ministry of fisheries	Handbook on Fisheries Statistics - 2018
Vikram Sampath	 Savarkar: Echoes from a forgotten past, 1883-1924
Indian Diaspora Club	Glorious Diaspora-Pride of India
Habiburahman, Sophie Ansel	First They Erased Our Name: A Rohingya Speaks
Peter Baker	Obama: The Call of History
Iqbal Chand Malhotra and Maroof Raza	Kashmir’s untold story: Declassification
Satyarth Nayak	“Sridevi: Girl Woman Superstar”
Department of Biotechnology (DBT) and Persistent Systems	Manav
St James House and the History of Parliament Trust	‘The Commonwealth at 70: From Westminster to the World’
Adi Shankaracharya	Vivekadeepini
Venkaiah Naidu	Listening, Learning and Leading
Baba Ramdev	'My Life, My Mission'
Meenakshi Lekhi	'The New Delhi Conspiracy'
Tridip Suhrud	‘The Diary of Manu Gandhi’
Sushil Kumar	"A Prime Minister to Remember- Memories of a Military Chief"
Adi Shankaracharya	Vivekadeepini
Anupam Kher	“Lessons Life Taught Me Unknowingly”.
Ashis Ray	“Cricket World Cup: The Indian Challenge”
Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam	My Journey
Dr. Bibek Debroy	Making of New India
Dr. Krishna Saksena	"Whispers of Time"
Dr. Y.V. Reddy	Indian Fiscal Federalism
Jairam Ramesh	‘Chequered Brillance: The Many Lives of V K Krishna Menon’
Kamlesh Patel Alias Daaji	‘Designing Destiny: The Heartfulness Way’
Kamlesh Patil & Joshua Pollock	‘The Heartfulness way: Heart-Based Meditations for Spiritual Transformation’
Lamar Odom	Darkness to light
Lieutenant General Ranbir Singh	Fire and Fury Corps -- Saga of Valour, Fortitude and Sacrifice',
M Venkaiah Naidu	Quality, Accreditation, and Ranking – A Silent Revolution in the Offing in Indian Higher Education
Malala Yousafzai	We are Displaced
Manoshi Sinha Rawal	‘Saffron Swords’
Meenakshi Lekhi	“The New Delhi Conspiracy”
Mool Chand Sharma	‘Law, Justice and Judicial Power- Justice P N Bhagwati’s Approach’
Mr. Suri	‘Khooni Vaisakhi’
Navin Chawla	‘Every Vote Counts- The story of India’s Elections’
Neeraj Jha, Vidhanshu Kumar	‘Virat: The making of a Champion’
P. Chidambaram	‘Undaunted: Saving the Idea of India’
R Uma Maheswari	From Possession to Freedom
Raghuram Rajan	The Third Pillar
Ruchir Sharma	‘Undaunted: Saving the Idea of India’
Saba Naqvi	Politics of Jugaad: The Coalition Handbook
Shahid Afridi	Game Changer
Sharad Dutt	‘Kundan: Saigal’s Life & Music’
Shri Harivansh and Shri Ravi Dutt Bajpai. 	"Chandra Shekhar - The Last Icon of Ideological Politics";
Sonia Singh	‘Defining India: Through Their Eyes’
Vinit Goenka	'Function of Data Sovereignty - The Pursuit of Supremacy'
Valay Singh	‘Ayodhya: City of Faith, City of Discord’



A Rural Manifesto – Realising India’s Future through her Villages	BJP MP Varun Gandhi
Changing India	Dr. Manmohan Singh
Timeless Laxman	Prime Minister Narendra Modi
Arivu	Dr Murali Mohan Chuntharu
The Fire Burns Blue: A History of Womens Cricket in India	Karunya Keshav and Sidhanta Pathak
Maharana Pratap: The Invincible Warrior	Rima Hooja
The Paradoxical Prime Minister	Shashi Tharoor
The Rule Breakers	Preeti Shenoy
Experiential Learning -- Gandhiji's Nai Talim	Union Minister of Human Resource Development Prakash Javadekar
From Lehman to Demonetisation: A Decade of Disruption, Reforms and Misadventures	Tamal Bandyopadhyay
Poonachi or the Story of a Black Goat	Perumal Murugan
Making of Legend	Bindeshwar Pathak
Diabetes with Delight	Anoop Misra
The Last White Hunter	Donald Anderson with Joshua Mathew
Indian Cultures as Heritage	Romila Thapar
Strangers No More: New Narratives from Northeast	Sanjoy Hazarika
Matoshree	Sumitra Mahajan
Sanjay Dutt: The Crazy Untold Story of Bollywood’s Bad Boy	Yasser Usman
Indian Instinct	Miniya Chatterjee
The Coalition years	Pranab Mukherjee
Dreamers: How Young Indians are Changing Their World	Snigdha Poonam
Fire and Fury: Inside the Trump Whitehouse	Michael Wolff
Citizen Delhi: My Times, My Life	Sheila Dikshit
Mere Sapno Ka Bharat	Tarun Vijay
Born to be Hanged: Political Biography of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto	Syeda Saiyidan Hameed
Ants Among Elephants	Dujatha Gidla
The Constitution of India: Miracle, Surrender, Hope	Rajeev Dhavan
A Ringside Affair	James Lawton
The Year of the Hawks	Kanwaljit Singh
How May I Help You	Deepak Singh
A World of Three Zeroes: The New Economics of Zero Poverty, Zero Unemployment, and Zero Carbon Emission	Mohammad Yunus
Do We Not Bleed? Reflections of a 21st-Century Pakistan	Mehr Tarar
Xi Jinping's China	Jayadev Ranade
The Book Hunters of Katpadi	Pradeep Sebastia
All the Worlds Between	K Srilata and Fiona Bolger
Hit Refresh	Satya Nadella
Letters to a Young Philosopher	Ramin Jahanbegloo
Imperfect (autobiography)	Sanjay Manjrekar
Immortal India	Amish Tripathi
Maharana Pratap: The Invincible Warrior	Rima Hooja
Conflicts of Interest: My Journey Through India’s Green Movement	Sunita Narain
2G Saga Unfolds	A Raja
Two	Gulzar
Status Single	Sreemoyee Piu Kundu
An Ordinary Mans Guide to Radicalism	Neyaz Farooquee
What happened	Hilary Clinton
Artemis	Andy Weir
Drone	Adam Rothstein
Why I am hindu	Shashi Tharoor
A dairy of deomestic diva	Shilpa Shetty
The New Wealth of Nations	Surjit S Bhalla
Indira Gandhi: A Life in Nature	Jairam Ramesh
Dreamers: How Young Indians are Changing Their World and Yours	Poonam
My Enemy’s Enemy: India in Afghanistan from the Soviet Invasion to the US Withdrawal	Avinash Paliwal
A state of freedom	Neel Mukerjee
Enemies and Neighbours: Arabs and Jews in Palestine and Israel, 1917-2017	Ian Black
I do what I do	Raghuram Rajan
Indian Political Theory: Laying the Ground work for Swaraj	Aakash Singh Rathore
Hisaab Kitaab	Anjana Sukani
Songs of a Coward	Perumal Murugan
An unsuitable boy	Karan johar
Stalin: Waiting for Hitler 1928-1941	Stephen Kotkin
281 and Beyond	V V S Laksman
4321	Paul Auster
History of Wolves	Emily Fridlund
Exit West	Mohsin Hamid
Elmet	Fiona Mozley
Lincoln in the Bardo	George Saunders
Autumn	Ali Smith
Writing Pakistan: Conversations on ldentity, Nationhood and Fiction	Mushtaq Bilal
The Bengalis: A Portrait of a Community	Sudeep Chakravarti
Moments ofTruth: My Life with Acting	Roshan Taneja
The Goat Thief	Perumal Murugan
The Widow of Malabar Hills	Sujata Massey
The Vanishing	Prerna Singh Bindra
Where India Goes	Diane Coffey and Dean Spears
The Nationalist	Minhaz Merchant
Political Violence in Ancient India	Upinder Singh
The tall man biju patnaik	Sundar Ganesan
A Tale of Two Victoria Crosses	Lt Gen Baljit Singh
Fifty Things that Made the Modern Economy	Tim Harford
New Wealth of Nations	Surjit Bhalla
The Emergency: Indian Democracy's Darkest Hour	A Surya Prakash
No Room for Small Dreams	Shimon Peres
A Horse Walks Into a Bar	David Grossman
An Ordinary Life: A Memoir	Nawazuddin Siddiqui with Rituparna Chatterjee
Democracy’s XI: The Great Indian Cricket Story	Rajdeep Sardesai
A Republic in the Making: India in the 1950s	Gyanesh Kudaisya
Durand's Curse: A Line Across the Pathan Heart	Rajiv Dogra
Origin	Dan Brown
The Crisis Within: On Knowledge and Education in India	GN Denvy
Inside Parliament: Views From the Front Row	Derek O'Brien
India Turns East: International Engagement and US-China Rivalry	Fredrick Grare
Weather Information Portal for Indian Power System	R K Singh
The Ministry of Utmost Happiness	Arundhati Roy
China & India War: Collision Course on the Roof of the World	Bertil Lintner
Cadres ofTibet	Jayadeva Ranade
Unstoppable: My Life So Far	Maria Sharapova
The Book of Chocolate Saints	Jeet Thayil
Conflict of Interest	Sunita Narain
Atal Ji Ne kaha	Birendra Rehi
Confessions of a dying mind: the blind faith of atheism	Kiren Rijiju and Haulianlal Guite
Available Light	CP Surendran
Ashoka: Satrap of Taxila	Ashok K Banker
Sea Prayer	Khaled Hosseini
Loyal Stalkers	Chhimi Tenduf La
No Spin	Shane Warne
Attendant Lords	TCA Raghvan
The Driver in the Driverless Car	Vivek Wadhwa with Alex Salkever
Life Among the Scorpions: Memoir of a Woman in Indian Politics	Jaya Jaitely
Gorbachev: His Life and Times	William Taubman
Ambedkar Gandhi and Patel: The Making of India’s Electoral System	Raja Shekhar Vundru
Evolution	Emmanuel Macron
Exam Warriors	Narendra Modi
Evil in the Mahabharata	Meena Arora Nayak
Happy Dreams	Jia Pingwa
6 TIMES THINNER	N N Vohra
Rohingya Inside Myanmar's Hidden Genocide	Azeem Ibrahim
Myanmar's Enemy Within: Buddhist Nationalism and Anti-Muslim Violence	Francis Wade
Reimagining Pakistan	Husain Haggani
Born to be Hanged: Political Biography of Zulfikar Ali Bhutto	Syeda Hameed
Reporting Pakistan	Meena Menon
Who We Are and How We Got Here	David Reich
A Century ls Not Enough	Sourav Ganguly
Winning Like Sourav: Think & Succeed Like Ganguly	Abhirup Bhattacharya
The Perils of Being Moderately Famous	Soha Ali Khan
Directorate S: The CLA and Americas Secret Wars in Afghanistan and Pakistan	Steye Coll
Economics for the Common Good	Jean Tirole
Political Tribes	Amy Chua
Dividing Lines: Contours of the India-China Discord	KN Raghavan
My Journey from Marxism-Leninism to Nehruvian Socialism	CH Hanumantha Rao
Triple Talaq: Examining Faith	Salman Khurshid
Kashmir: Exploring the Myth Behind the Narrative	Khalid Bashir
The Only Story	Julian Barnes
She Goes to War Women Militants of India	Rashmi Saksena
The Future of Humanity	Michio Kaku
Governing the Ungovernable: Institutional Reforms for Democratic Governance	Ishrat Husain
The Unseeing ldol of Light	KR Meera
Across the Universe	Ajoy Bose
Anita Gets Bail: What Are Our Courts Doing? Whal Should We Do About Them?	Arun Shourie
Eleven Gods and a Billion Indians	Borta Majumdar
Indian Railway- The weaving of a National Tapestry	Bibek Debroy
An Uncertain Glory: India and Its Contradiction	Amartya Sen and Jean Dreze
Lethal White	Robert Galbraith (JK Rowling)
The English Patient	Michael Ondaatje
In a Free State	VS Naipaul
Michael Ondaatje	Warlight
Yug Purush, Bharat Ratna, Atal Ji	Ramesh Pokhriyal
Moon Tiger	Penelope Lively
Wolf Hall	Hilary Mantel
Lincoln in the Bardo	George Saunders
The Only Story	Julian Barnes
Like a Psalm	Perumbadavam Sreedharan
Indian Cultures as Heritage: Contemporary Pasts	Romila Thapar
Note by Note: The India Story 1947-2017	Ankur Bhardwaj, Seema Chishti and Sushant Singh
Vedvigyan Alok (Maharishi Aitareya Mahidas Praneet - Aitareya Brahmina ki Vaigyanik Vyakhya)	Acharya Agnivarat Naishthik
The Billionaire Raj: A Journey Through India's New Guided Age	James Crabtree
India Moving: A History of Migration	Chinmay Tumbe
Blessings from Beijing: Inside China's Softpower War on Tibet	Greg Bruno
The Unending Game: Insights into Espionage	Vikram Sood
Straight Talk	Abhishek Manu Singhvi
The President Is Missing	Bill Clinton and James Patterson
Vernon Subutex	Virginie Despentes
The White Book	Han Kang
The World Goes On	Laszlo Krasznahorkai
Like a Fading Shadow	Antonio Munoz Molina
Frankenstein in Baghdad	Ahmed Saadawi
Flights	Olga Tokarczuk
Travails with the Alien	Satyajit Ray
The Spy Chronicles: RAW ISI and the Illusion of Peace	Asdulat, Aditya Sinha, Asad Durrani
The Zero Cost Mission/The Wily Agent	Amar Bhushan
The Most Dangerous Place: A History of the United States in South Asia	Srinath Raghavan
Eleven Gods and a Billion lndians	Boria Majumdar
Syama Prasad Mookerjee: Life and Times	Tathagata Roy
Republic of Caste	Anand Teltumbde
Gandhi: The Years That Changed the World (1914-1948)	Ramachandra Guha
The Way I See It	Gauri Lankesh, edited by writer and sociologist Chandan Gowda
Rebel Sultans: The Deccan from Khilji to Shivaji	Manu Pillai
From Kargil to Coup: Events That Shook Pakistan	Nasim Sehra
Kashmir: Glimpses of History and the Story of Struggle	Saifuddin Soz
President’s Lady	Sangeeta Ghosh
Republic of Caste: Thinking Equality in the Time of Neo-liberal Hindutva	Anand Teltumbde
Missing	Sumana Roy
God Save the Hon'ble Supreme Court	Fali S Nariman
Pakistan Adrift: Navigating Troubled Waters	Asad Durrani
Ten ldeologies: The Great Asymmetry Between Agrariansm and Industrialism	S Jaipal Reddy
Mann Ki Baat – A Social Revolution on Radio	Devendra Fadnavis


S.No.	Book	Author	Details
1.	India 2017 Yearbook	Rajiv Mehrishi	Launched by Rajasthan CM Vasundhara Raje
2.	The Singing Tree	Ken Youngstein	Launched by Orbis India
An illustrated book on visual impairment due to refractive error in children.
3.	Lincoln in the Bardo	George Saunders	Won the Man Booker Prize for 2017
4.	Journey of Women Law Reforms and the Law Commission of India Some Insights	Dr. Pavan Sharma	1st copy was received by the Vice President of India, M Venkaiah Naidu
5.	Trivendra Ek Zindaginama- Khairasain ka Sooraj	Nandan Singh Bisht	Biography of Uttarakhand CM Trivendra Singh Rawat
6.	The Heartfulness Way	Kamlesh Patel
Joshua Pollock	Unveiled by Ram Nath Kovind
7.	Dilli Meri Dilli- Before and After 1998	Sheila Dixit	
8.	Exam Warriors	Narendra Modi	Published by Penguin India
9.	A journey towards self-reliance	Nirmala Sitharaman	A book on DDP (Department of Defence Production)
10.	The Coalition Years:1996-2012	Pranab Mukherjee	It is the 3rd edition.
1st edition = “The Dramatic Decade: The Indira Gandhi Years”
2nd edition = “The Turbulent Years: 1980-1996”.
11.	Fulfilling Bapu’s Dreams- Prime Minister Modi’s Tribute to Gandhiji	Sadhguru Jaggi Vasudev	1st copy presented to Ram Nath Kovind
12.	Paramveer Parwane	Dr. Prabhakiran Jain	Released by General Bipin Rawat
13.	Mere Sapno ka Bharat	Tarun Vijay	Compilation of best interviews of former PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee
14.	Imperfect	Sanjay Manjrekar	Autobiography of Sanjay Manjrekar
15.	Age of Anger: A History of the Present	Pankaj Mishra	Won Book of the year award (non-fiction) at Tata Literature Live Awards
16.	Beyond the Dream Girl	Ram Kamal Mukherjee	Released by Deepika Padukone
17.	Why I Am a Hindu	Shashi Tharoor	
18.	A Century is not Enough: My roller-coaster ride to success	Saurav Ganguly
Gautam Bhattacharya	Based on Saurav Ganguly’s life
19.	Poeatry	Vikas Khanna	Collection of 100 poems related to food and life
20.	Dreamnation: Uniting a Country with Handwritten Dreams	Saji Mathew and
Jubie John	Released by Mithali Raj (Indian Women Cricket team’s captain)

The book contains inspiring words of Dr. APJ Abdul Kalam
21.	Bollywood- The Films! The Songs! The Stars!	S.M.M Ausaja
Karan Bali
Rajesh Devraj
Tanul Thakur	Launched by Amitabh Bachchan
22.	The Way I See It	Edited by Chandan Gowda	Collection of selected writings of Gauri Lankesh
23.	Majuli- Resources and Challenges	Sanjib Kumar Borkakoti	Majuli is Asia’s largest river island which is now declared as a district
24.	Staniya Svasasan Mei Addhi Aabadhi	Dr. Sadhana Pandey	Released by M Venkaiah Naidu
25.	Even When There Is A Doctor	Dr. Yashwant Ambedkar
Dr. Rajesh Chokhani
Krishnan Sivaramakrishnan	Launched by Sachin Tendulkar and his wife
26.	Hari Singh Nalwa: Champion of the Khalsaji (1791-1837)	Dr. Vanit Nalwa	Describes how the Sikh warrior Nalwa got his surname
27.	A Tribute to Jagu		Launched by Sri Lanka Cricket

A tribute to the former BCCI President Jagmohan Dalmiya
28.	The Ideology of India’s Modern Right	Subramanian Swamy	
29.	Two	Gulzar	Hindi version = “Do Log”
His debut novel in English










Name of the book	Author	About the book
Khullam Khulla uncensored
Rishi kapoor and Meena Iyer
eveals some interesting facts about the actors life
Jinnah often came to our house
Kiran Doshi
(Hindu Prize 2016 Winner)
is a work of historical fiction which serves as a testimony to the Indian independence struggle, with accurate references to events from 1900- 1948
The Adivasi Will Not Dance:
Hansda Sowvendra Shekhar
About:
political book of stories
The People's President
Dr A P J Abdul Kalam
Author : SM Khan
Acquaints us with lesser known facts and stories which went towards making the great Dr Kalam the 'People's President'
Kalkatta
Kunal basu
Half of What I Say
Anil Menon
General fiction
The Island of lost girls
Manjula Padmanabhan
sequel to the feminist dystopia introduced in Escape (2008)
Gandhi in Champaran
Dinanath Gopal Tendulkar
Home of the Brave
Nitin A Gokhale & Brig S K Chatterji
Home of the Brave traces the early history of the RR, its organization, including its raising and subsequent deployment in Punjab, the North East and in Jammu & Kashmir.
The Rise of Sivagami
Anand Neelakantan
Aprequel to the blockbuster Baahubali,
Indian Railway- The weaving of a National Tapestry
Shri Bibek Debroy (Member, NITI Aayog) Shri Sanjay Chadha (Joint Secretary, Ministry of Commerce) & Ms. Vidya Krishnamurthi.
Hope in a challenged democracy; An Indian narrative’
Shri Ashwini Kumar
About :
It provides a statesman’s perspective on addressing challenges and optimizing responses with a view to transforming our democracy as a true reflection of the collective conscience of the nation.
Flaming Tresses of Draupadi
M Veerappa Moily (SENIOR CONGRESS LEADER )
About: -
An English translation by D A Shankar of Moily’s original work in Kannada.
Matoshree
Sumitra Mahajan (Lok Sabha Speaker)
Based on life of Maratha Queen Ahilyabai Holkar
Number Do Lie
Former India cricketer Aakash Chopra co written with Jaideep Varma,
The book titled “Numbers Do Lie” delves into the stories of several players whose performances often did not receive the adulation they deserved.
Rekha: The Untold Story
Yasser Usman
My Story
An autobiography of Michael Clarke (former international cricketer and captain of Australia)
Thamel: Dark Star of Kathmandu
Rabi Thapa
Thamel: Dark Star of Kathmandu suggests that the world needs to get to know Thamel’s residents – both Nepali and those visitors that arrived but never left.
First philosophical novel for God titled "Confessions of a dying mind: the blind faith of atheism
IAS officer Haulianlal Guite
Hema Malini: Beyond the Dream Girl
Ram Kamal Mukherjee.
Goras and Desis: Managing Agencies and the Making of Corporate India
Omkar Goswami
An insightful view on the origin and evolution of Indian corporates’
Veerappan: Chasing the Brigand
retired police officer K. Vijay Kumar
About:
It is part-autobiography and part-biography, as much about Veerappan as it is about the author himself
The Golden House,
Salman Rushdie
It tells the story of a wealthy family from Mumbai desperately seeking to forget the tragedy of 26/11 as they try to reinvent themselves in New York City.
Conflicts of Interest: My Journey through India’s Green Movement
Sunita Narains
,
She talks about how corporate lobbies and political interests often scuttle effective resolution of environmental research undertaken by her, along with her team at the Centre for Science and Environment (CSE)
Death Under The Deodars: The Adventures of Miss Ripley-Bean
Ruskin Bond
Author brings to life a mystery and murder featuring the elderly Miss Ripley-Bean and her friends
The Room on the Roof
Ruskin Bond
The Blue Umbrella
Ruskin Bond
The story is about a little girl who trades her old leopard claw necklace for a pretty, frilly blue umbrella. Set in a small village in Himachal Pradesh
A Flight of Pigeons
Ruskin Bond
"Our Trees Still Grow in Dehra
Ruskin Bond
Sahitya Akademi award in 1996
An Era of Darkness : The British empire in India
Shashi Tharoor
The Adivasi Will Not Dance
Hansda Shekhar
The Sleepwalker’s Dream
Dhrubajyoti Borah
About:
Through the novel, the readers peep into Bhutan’s beautiful valley of lush green forest
The Ministry of Utmost Happiness
Arundhati Roy
The God of Small Things
Arundhati Roy (debut novel )
Won booker prize
Modi’s midas touch in foreign policy
Surendra kumar
Son of the Thundercloud –
Easterine Kire
From Mumbai to Durban: India’s Greatest Tests,
S Giridhar and VJ Raghunath
The Untold Vajpayee: Politician and Paradox
Ullekh N P
Front Page Murders
Puja Changoiwala
My Odyssey: Memoirs of the Man behind the Mangalyaan Mission
Koppillil Radhakrishnan
Faith, Unity and Discipline: The ISI of Pakistan'
Hein G Kiessling
largely about the first story but what also becomes clear is that the ISI’s two functions, ultimately, are the sides of a single coin.
There are two stories about the Inter-Services Intelligence of the Pakistan military. One is about its support for various jihadi groups which it then throws against India, Afghanistan and Bangladesh. The other is the ISI’s role as an instrument used by the Pakistani military to keep their country’s civil society under its thumb. This book is
A Full Night’s Thievery: Stories
Mitra Phukan
The Sellout
Paul Beatty
MAN BOOKER PRIZE WINNER 2016
The novel concerns a narrator, referred to only by his last name, "Me", who attempts to reintroduce slavery and segregation in his Los Angeles neighborhood, Dickens. This attempt leads to a Supreme Court case, Me Vs. The United States of America.
A Life in Science
Chintamani Nagesa Ramachandra Rao (CNR Rao
How and why he took up science as a career.
The Pigeon Tunnel
John Le Carre
Pakistan - Courting the Abyss'
Tilak Devasher
Courting the Abyss is a comprehensive and clinical survey of a deeply troubled country which has become a centre of extremist ideologies and terrorist violence; consequently, a threat to many of its own nationals as also to countries in its neighbourhood and beyond.
An Unsuitable Boy
Karan Johar co-authored by Poonam Saxena (autobiography)
Akhada: The Authorized Biography of Mahavir Singh Phogat
Saurabh Duggal
It tells the story of a man of tremendous fortitude, of a father who fought against all odds to give his daughters - Olympians Geeta Phogat and Babita Kumari -- a future they could not have dreamed for themselves, says publisher Hachette India.
"Winning like Virat: Think & Succeed like Kohli"	
Abhirup Bhattacharya
Marching with a Billion- Analysing Narendra Modi’s Government at Midterm	
Uday Mahurkar
It analyses the monumental changes that Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has brought on multiple fronts as Prime Minister on India’s governance landscape
‘Mann Ki Baat – A Social Revolution on Radio	Rajesh Jain	It is a compilation of Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi’s addresses to the nation on radio every month under the programme ‘Mann Ki Baat’.
Metaphysics, Morals and Politics	Prof. Amal Kumar Mukhopadhyay	
M.S. Swaminathan: The Quest for a world without hunger	M.S. Swaminathan	
India’s Indira: A Centennial Tribute”		Senior leader Anand Sharma has edited the book.