dean : prof. S V Prabh : 
address : WALMI Campus, PB Road, near High Court, Karnataka 580011 : 
campus area : 470 acres : 
temporary : Water and Land Management Institute (WALMI) : 
Director : Prof. Seshu Pasumarthy : 
Founded : 28th August 2016 : 
Chairman : R. Subrahmanyam : 
website of iitdh : http://iitdh.ac.in/ : 
fullform : Indian Institute Of Technology, Dharwad ( ಭಾರತೀಯ ತಂತ್ರಜ್ಞಾನ ಸಂಸ್ಥೆ ) : 
motto : सा विद्या या विमुक्तये (knowledge is one that liberates) : 
motto of iitdh : सा विद्या या विमुक्तये (knowledge is one that liberates) : 
Mentor : IIT Bombay : 
Acronym : IIT-DH : 
Airport : Hubli Airport (32km) : 
enrollment : 550 (2019) : 
rank of iit dharwad : 19 : 
Ownership : Government : 
Total Faculty : 81 : 
Courses Offered : Degree ,B.E /B.Tech( CSE , ME , EE ) ,Ph.D ,M.S : 
Railway Station : Dharwad Railway Station ( 15km ) : 
admission : It is a two-step process. One needs to qualify the JEE (Main) and JEE (Advanced) exam. One must have secured at least 75% marks (65% for SC/ST/PwD) in Class XII OR must be within the category-wise top 20 percentile in respective Class XII boards. Admissions are done on the basis of rank in JEE (Advanced) through JoSAA Counselling. : 
PLACEMENTS : First batch to pass out in 2020. : 
about : Indian Institute of Technology Dharwad (IIT Dharwad) is an autonomous premier engineering and technology institute in Dharwad. IIT Dharwad started functioning from July 2016 in a temporary campus, WALMI in Belur village, on the outskirts of Dharwad city.It was formally inaugurated on 28 August 2016. institute offered B.Tech courses in three branches, viz. Electrical Engineering, Computer Science, and Mechanical Engineering. : 
location : IIT Dharwad is initially functioning out of the campus of the Water and Land Management Institute (WALMI) in Dharwad near the Karnataka High Court Bench. A permanent building is coming up at Chikkamaligawad village. : 
Ambulance : 8105405107 : 
Contact : 0836-2212822 / 0836-2212823 : 
email : info@iitdh.ac.in / pro@iitdh.ac.in : 
Astronomy Club : Join us in our mission to truly understand the planets and galaxies beyond. : 
Photography Club : Photography is a way of feeling, of touching, of loving. What you have caught on film is captured forever... it remembers little things, long after you have forgotten everything. -Aaron Siskind : 
Robotics Club : A technologically superior way to stretch the boundaries of your knowledge and imagination. : 
library : At present, the Library occupies the prime space, on the first floor of the administrative complex of the temporary campus. Octagonal shape, abundant natural light, and cool breeze make the readers comfortable in the library. : 
club : Astronomy Club ,Photography Club ,Robotics Club : 
mtech : mtch is not available currently.. : 
how to go : IIT Dharwad is initially functioning out of the campus of the Water and Land Management Institute (WALMI) in Dharwad near the Karnataka High Court Bench. A permanent building is coming up at Chikkamaligawad village. : 
how to rich : IIT Dharwad is initially functioning out of the campus of the Water and Land Management Institute (WALMI) in Dharwad near the Karnataka High Court Bench. A permanent building is coming up at Chikkamaligawad village. : 
ragging : No. Ragging is a criminal offence as per the Supreme Court verdict. ... An offence of Ragging may be charged either on a written complaint by the affected or on independent finding of the Anti Ragging Squad. : 
autonomus : yes. (all IIT's are autonomus) : 
rank 1 IIT : IIT Bombay(and it is my Mentor too '(*_*)' ) : 
how are you : i am fine!! : 
what are you doing : Chating with My bestieee... : 
required rank : 4971 is last year cutoff : 
rank is required : 4971 is last year cutoff : 
Color of sky : Blue : 
pythagorus theorem : useful in right angled triangle : 
Mentor of iitdh : iit bombay : 
